Add disclaimer to statistical functions (#183)
axiomhq/docs: apl/aggregation-function/histogram.mdx

The `histogram` aggregation is ideal for identifying peaks, valleys, and outliers in your data. For example, you can analyze the distribution of request durations in web server logs or span durations in OpenTelemetry traces to understand performance bottlenecks.

<Note>

> The `histogram` aggregation in APL is a statistical aggregation that gives estimated results. The estimation comes with the benefit of speed at the expense of accuracy. This means that `histogram` is fast and light on resources even on a large or high-cardinality dataset, but it doesn’t provide the most accurate results.

Reviewer: same for the 2 other percentile and topk
```suggestion
The `histogram` aggregation in APL is a statistical aggregation that gives estimated results. The estimation comes with the benefit of speed at the expense of accuracy. This means that `histogram` is fast and light on resources even on a large or high-cardinality dataset, but it doesn’t provide precise results.
```
